Update  Image and APT Mirror docs (Bielefeld cloud site) (#356)
deNBI/cloud-user-docs: wiki/Compute_Center/Bielefeld.md

## Images

> We provide some preconfigured cloud images on top of Ubuntu LTS (18.04, 20.04, and 22.04) and Debian (10 and 11). 
> These images are preconfigured to adapt a running instance to the cloud site Bielefeld:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preconfigured cloud images are available for Ubuntu LTS (18.04, 20.04, and 22.04) and Debian (10 and 11). 
These images apply some auto-configuration on boot specific to the cloud site Bielefeld:
```

> - make use of a local apt-mirror by default
> - set proxy for the environment, apt and docker if necessary
> 
> All images are able to run on other cloud sites without any further modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Site-local APT mirror is used as default
- If needed, APT, Docker and the environment are configured to use the local proxy

All images are able to run on other cloud sites without any further modifications.
```
